User story 1

Feature: Navigate to the '7 benefits of workforce analytics for business' article on Humanforce website

Acceptance Criteria: 
1. Viewer should be able to access to the human force website
2. Viewer should see the link or button for Time and Attendance page
3. Viewer should be able to see articles/contents load successfully from the Time and Attendance page
4. Viewer should be able to access the article '7 benefits of workforce analytics for business' from the Time and Attendance page
5. Viewer should see the article '7 benefits of workforce analytics for business' content to load properly (readable and no broken images)
 

Test Cases (Gherkin Syntax)

Scenario: As a viewer, I should be able to access the human force website
Given Viewer wants to visit the Humanforce website
When Viewer inputs the website URL https://www.humanforce.com/
Then Viewer should see website load successfully 

Scenario: As a viewer, I would like to access the time and attendance page
Given Viewer is in the website
When Viewer clicks the 'Time & Attendance' link
Then Viewer should be redirected to the "Time & Attendance" page
And the "Time & Attendance" page should load successfully

Scenario: As a viewer, I would like to access the'7 benefits of workforce analytics for business' article 
Given Viewer is in the 'Time & Attendance' page
When Viewer scroll to the bottom of the page 
Then Viewer should see an article titled "7 benefits of workforce analytics for business"
When Viewer click on the article titled "7 benefits of workforce analytics for business"
Then Viewer should be redirected to the article page
And the article should load successfully



User Story 3 
Feature: Using HF Academy to access help articles

Acceptance Criteria: 
1. Manager should be able to log in successfully to the <tenant site> using its valid credential
2. Manager should see login dashboard properly
3. After logging in, manager should see the  'HF Academy' button located at the bottom left corner of the page
4. Manager should be able to see HF academy modal after clicking it
5. Manager should be able to input 'Personal' using the search field of HF academy modal
6. After scrolling down to the search result, Manager should see an article entitled 'How do I view or update my details' article
7. Manager should be able access and read the 'How do I view or update my details' article after clicking it


Background: Given Manager is logged into the "<test tenant>" site with valid credentials

Scenario: As a manager, I would like to access 'HF Academy' button and open the modal
	Given Manager is in the homepage
	When Manager clicks the "HF Academy" button located at the bottom left of the page    
	Then Manager should see the HF Academy modal

Scenario: As a manager, I would like to search articles regarding 'Personal'
	Given the HF Academy modal is open
	When Manager inputs for "Personal" in the search field
	Then Manager should see all search results related to "Personal"
	And the article titled "How do I view or update my details" should be visible

Scenario: As a manager, I should be able to open the article "How do I view or update my details"
	Given the search results show the article "How do I view or update my details"
	When Manager scrolls down and click on the article titled "How do I view or update my details"
	Then the article should open in the new window
	And Manager should be able to read the content of the article

User Story 4 
Feature: Admin Manages Area table

Background: Given Admin is logged in the "<Test tenant>" site with valid credentials

Acceptance Criteria
1. Admin should be able to access the Area page by navigating to <Test tenant>/Admin/Area
2. Admin should be able to see a button or option labeled 'Add Area' to create a new area
3. Admin should see the table list of areas
4. Admin should be able to update a details from an existing area details
5. Admin should be able to delete an existing area in the list
6. Admin should be able to restore a deleted area by using the undelete function

Scenario: As Admin I should be able to add a New Area
	Given Admin is in the Area page
	When Admin clicks the "Add Area" button
	And Admin fills in the new area details with valid data
	And click the "Save" button
	Then the new area should be added to the list of areas

Scenario: As Admin I should be able to update an existing Area
	Given Admin is in the Area page
	When Admin clicks the 'Edit' button next area details
	And Admin updates area detail  
	And Admin click the "Save" button
	Then Admin should see the area updated in the list with the new details

Scenario: As Admin I should be able to delete an existing Area
	Given Admin is in the Area page
	When Admin clicks the 'delete' button next area details
	And Admin updates area detail  
	And Admin click the "Confirm" button
	Then Admin should not see the area in the list anymore

Scenario: As Admin I should be able to undelete an Area
	Given Admin is in the Area page
	When Admin clicks the 'undelete' button 
	And clicks 'Restore' button next to the area detail  
	Then Admin see the deleted area restored in the Area list again


 
